---
title: "Bitcoin 2022 Conference Notes"
date: 2022-04-18
type: "page"
---

# Here are some takeaways from Bitcoin 2022:

- Stablecoins and confidential transactions are coming to lightning network via taproot thanks to Lightning Labs (t. Olaoluwa Osuntokun)
- CBDCs in US will not be similar to the digital Yuan but will be more privatized and there won't be a single Fed Coin (t. Cynthia Lummis).
- The White House has had an overall positive reaction to Bitcoin's remittance usage when being sent to Ukraine as donations (t. Cynthia Lummis)
- Bitcoin will be accepted by Walmart, McDonalds, Starbucks and more by the end of 2022 thanks to Strike (t. Jack Mallers)
- Prospera and Madeira are making BTC legal tender. Mexico is working on it (t. Samson Mow)
- Blockstream is partnering with Tesla & CashApp for solar-powered mining (t. Adam Back)
- More companies are becoming lightning-focused

# Bronze Strategy:

- Remove any coin that's not Bitcoin from Bronze
- Remove dependancy from Dasset, source a separate BTC liquidity provider, this may allow us to lower our fee or increase cut. Also, this hardens Bronze in the event that Dasset gets hacked or goes out of business
- Have a separate non-signup website called BronzeBets that allows LN sports betting. The house takes a cut.
- Look at lending later on

# BronzeBets User Experience (UX):

- Customer goes to BronzeBets.com
- Customer chooses from a list of upcoming sports bets
- Customer selects outcome from a drop-down list, enters Bitcoin they are willing to bet, then enters their email
- LN Invoice shown on BronzeBets.com
- Customer pays the invoice.
- After event has finished, customer gets an email telling result, and can redeem their Bitcoin won

# Demoing Bronze at Bitcoin 2022:

We tried to make multiple purchases at the Bitcoin Conference via our LN withdrawals option.

Here is how the purchase would go:

- Merchant presents LN invoice
- We go to withdrawals in Bronze, select lightning, tap plus button, scan withdrawal

The cheaper transactions (coffee etc) worked, however more expensive options (shirt etc) failed due to low liquidity (we need to top up or lightning channels)

- Bitcoin Magazine was impressed by our development, even though our purchase failed when trying to buy a Bitcoin Magazine shirt.
- The workers at the IBEX stand were impressed by our development too. We successfully bought a t-shirt ($1) using Bronze.

What we learned:

Our lightning withdrawals worked. We just needed more liquidity to send.

# Marketing Material Seen in Miami:

- QR codes on trucks with LED screens driving around Miami Beach
- CashApp free $25 BTC QR code screen had lots of people scanning it
- Free merchandise to complete an action (e.g. book-bag for a sign-up)
- Lots of guerilla advertising (QR code stickers plastered throughout the city)
- Sponsor logos seen on coffee cups, food packaging
- Tables at Expo Hall

# Competition Seen at the Expo Hall:

There were many of the same type of businesses (exchanges, hardware wallet companies, investment companies, crypto tax returns companies, second-citizenship by imvestment companies), however there was only one LN sports betting business, SuredBits.

SuredBits uses a decenatralized way of making LN sports bets, using Discrete Logarithmic Contracts (DLCs).

DLCs were invented by the same guy who wrote the LN whitepaper, so the idea already has credibility.

We requested a demo, however, they had technical difficulties so were unable to fulfill.

DLCs are open-source, so we could always integrate it into BronzeBets later down the line, and help decentralize BronzeBets.

SuredBits offered to help in integration if we reached out to them via Telegram.


